Name: Adrian Jimenez

Login: cs30xib

Description: This program passes a name and birth date and displays a message
             with the name and their birth date that was passed in.

How to compile: typing "make" in the command prompt.

How to run it: typing "./a.out" in the command prompt.

An example of a normal output is when there is no warnings caught by lint or
errors caught by the compiler, assembler, or linker. Also when we get the
output we're looking for, in this assignment we were expecting a message that
says:
	"Hello, my name is: Joe Jane Student
	 My birth date is: December 17, 1990
	 The sum of 1, 2, and 3 = 6"
The normal output of the entire program goes to stdout and each C or assembly
file goes to file.

An example of abnormal/error is when there is warnings caught by lint or errors
caught by the compiler, assembler, or linker. When this occurs no output is
created. Sometimes it is not caught and we just get an output that is
incorrect. When it is caught it goes to stderr.

I tested my program by matching it with the solutions file both manually and
using the diff command.

If you have not read the assignment write-up this assignment contains 2 C files,
2 source files, and a header file.

1) 40
	char name[] = NAME;		/* A student's name */

2) It goes into the next executable line which is line 42.
	it skips line 41 and goes to line 42 because 41 is a functtion call

3) It gives you the address
	0xffbff040:	<Address 0xffbff040 out of bounds>

4) 36

5) A breakpoint is a marker where you want you program to stop.
	You set one when in debugging mode and type break and the name
	of the file.

6) foobar() is the function.

7) step means executing one more step of the program and next only stops at the
   first instruction of a source line.
	The stepi/nexti steps through functions without debugging information.

8) registers

9) the x command examines data in memory at a specified address and prints it
   in a specified format while the p command prints the value of any expression
   and that expression can include subroutine calls and assignmetns.

   use p to look at the contents of a register

   use x to look at something in memory

   x/s displays the address and p/d displays the value

   /s is for string and /d for decimal

10) git rm

11) git status

12) .gitignore
	*.[extension]

13) the Git directory
